The 5-day average trading volume is 256,100 shares of the company’s common stock.
It has gained $48.19 in the past week and touched a new high 2 times within the past 5 days.
An average of 405,715 shares of the company have been traded in the last 20 days, and the 50-day average volume stands at 499,458.
The firm’s gross profit as reported stood at $291.8 million against revenue of $1.4 billion.
Return on investment over the past year is 12.70%, while its return on equity (ROE) trailing 12 months is 15.10%.
In comparison, the average ROE for the broader industry over the past year is 9.04.
Earnings Surprise

For the quarterly period ending June 29 this year, Net income and sales went up compared to those figures reported in the previous quarter.
The stock’s 5-day moving average is $46.30, the price moving +0.73% or $0.34.
Today's call contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties.
We are extremely grateful that we have had zero employee to employee transfers of the virus within our 6,000 plus global workforce since the pandemic began.
Before handing the call over to Sheri, I want to again thank our employees and our suppliers and partners for their commitment and incredibly hard work, and we look forward to speaking with you again in a few months.
Our Services division was up slightly to $72.7 million.
Operating expense for the quarter was $48.9 million compared to $38.1 million in Q1 due to the acquisition of Ham-Let.
As we mentioned when we purchased Ham-Let, their operating margins are below our typical products margin range.
And then I have few other questions.
And the reason I'm asking is that, in the past year, you have always outgrown WFE.
But do the math, that basically means that December revenue had to be flat to up if you want to outpace WFE.
So I'm just kind of curious what is it that will [Indecipherable] if maybe give any color until December houses.
But as I mentioned in previous calls, they are not accretive yet from an operating margin perspective.
I know you've got Malaysia ramping in September, but how tight are things now?
But I think one of the few times that have been in the industry where maybe 20, 30 years ago it happened in the late '90s where the revenue is really gated by, not by orders, but by the ability of the whole industry to keep up with things.
Revenue and operating margin will stay the same or have a bigger adjustment of profit below the line in other income.
But as you get the Malaysia facility ramps up, typically, there are start-up costs associated with it.
Christian Schwab -- Craig-Hallum Capital Group -- Analyst

And then lastly, would you guys still expect as we go through the wafer front-end equipment spending cycle for you guys to outgrow WFE by at least 10 points on a go-forward basis?
I think they're looking at roughly $80 billion -- $80 billion plus perhaps.
And I think also the consensus is the second half of this year will continue to grow.
Today's call contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Our products business is strategically positioned to benefit from this increase due to our very broad exposure across all device types.
This state of the art facility is being built to support revenue run rate of $600 million to $800 million annually when fully ramped enabling us to better serve and bring value to our local and global customer base.
And I would like to thank Intel for the prestigious recognition and all our employees for their hard work.
Before handing the call over to Sheri, I want to again thank our employees and our suppliers and partners for their incredibly hard work.
And we look forward to speaking with you again in a few months.
Operating expense for the quarter was $38.1 million compared to $35.7 million in Q4, due to typical costs related to year-end and increased headcount in support of the ramp.
As a percentage of revenue, operating expenses decreased to 9.1% compared to 9.7% in the prior quarter.
In addition, on April 8th, we completed a public offering of 3.2 million shares at $55 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $175 million.
Excluding Ham-Let, UCT's core business would have been guided up approximately 8%.
Quinn Bolton -- Needham and Company -- Analyst

Sorry, yes.
Can you make any comments about how you see the second half of the year?
Do you think the business can continue to grow half-over-half in the second half?
Traditionally in your new facilities tend to weigh a little bit of cost as you're working through some duplicate costs, and things of that nature with the new facility ramp, but given the current environment and the expectations as we go into the second half of the year.
I mean Sheri, maybe you can give a little color on the potential impacts to gross margin, or if there are any given that the demand environment could absorb a lot of in a much quicker fashion?
So we're seeing obviously the volumes to be very, very high in other locations, which offsets those additional costs coming in, and we are utilizing that labor for within Asia to help us with with that output, within those other facilities.
But I think to think of it in the next year, we expect Ham-Let as an entity to at least grow along with WFE, and our gain is -- our goal is to continue to make that outgrow WFE, just like we do in our base business.
Is that fairly flat?
We're really starting to just learn about those other parts, and trying to get a feel for how those industries might grow or change over the course of time, but I think a simple way to think about it is, we expect Ham-Let as a whole, at least grow along with WFE, the combination of the two sides of the business, and hopefully beat that by the normal 10 points that we do.
Is there any way, when the capacity is fully online and Asia, Malaysia, excuse me, the incremental revenue opportunity in the Company.
In other words, today we have X amount of opportunity a year, a quarter and then after Malaysia is fully ramped its this much bigger?
I don't have any other questions.
You're right, I mean there is a level of COVID, but there's also an openness to opening up avenues to reach the deliverable -- reach the delivery needs of the end customers.
Sheri, do you have any debt pay down goals, what you might be looking at for this year?
And Jim, what kind of base or operating assumptions are you using for WFE and wafer starts?
Prior to today's trading, shares of the chipmaking equipment services company had gained 17.54% over the past month.
Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank.
Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988.
Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant.
UCTT is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy).
This represents a discount compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 18.67.
Electronics - Manufacturing Machinery stocks are, on average, holding a PEG ratio of 1.13 based on yesterday's closing prices.
This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 35, putting it in the top 14% of all 250+ industries.
The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups.
For example, pet market is growing at a 7% annual rate and is expected to reach $110 billion in 2021.
As you can see these stocks had an average of 17.3 hedge funds with bullish positions and the average amount invested in these stocks was $161 million.
This is a slightly negative signal and we'd rather spend our time researching stocks that hedge funds are piling on.
Unfortunately UCTT wasn't nearly as popular as these 5 stocks (hedge fund sentiment was quite bearish); UCTT investors were disappointed as the stock returned -10.6% since the end of March (through 7/23) and underperformed the market.
All of the shares of common stock to be sold in the offering will be offered by the Company.
In addition, the Company expects to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase additional shares of Ultra Clean's common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount.
The offering is subject to market conditions, and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering.
The shares described above are being offered by Ultra Clean pursuant to an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3, including a base prospectus, that was previously filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on April 5, 2021 and became effective upon filing.
Today's call contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties.
This digital transformation is accelerating the adoption of semiconductor growth drivers such as artificial intelligence, high-performance computing, IoT and 5G.
This state-of-the-art facility will enable us to better serve and bring value to our local and global customer base.
Our guidance for the first quarter reflect an increase in business across our entire customer base.
Before handing the call over to Sheri, I want to again thank our employees and our suppliers for their incredibly hard work this past year and we look forward to again outperforming the markets we serve in 2021.
Our products division grew 1.7% to $299.5 million and our services business was up 1.8% to $70.1 million, both on increased demand across the customer base.
Once the Hamlet acquisition is closed, we will take the opportunity to review and adjust our model.
Operating expenses for the quarter were $35.7 million compared to $34.3 million in Q3 due to typical costs related to year-end.
Margin from our products division remained flat at 10.8% and margin from our services division was 16.3% compared to 14.9% in the prior quarter.
Obviously things are getting stronger in the first quarter, [Indecipherable] grow again in the second quarter, will you have enough capacity on hand before the facility is done to handle?
But, yeah, our aim is to continue to outgrow WFE by roughly on average of 10 points.
I'm just curious how should I think about gross margin at least in the second half of this year as that facility ramps up?
So we'll see some increase in margin, but we will see how that flows through with the volume of revenue that flows in at the latter half of the year.
Just wanted to follow up on the last question just about the gross margin effect from Malaysia, I assume that as that comes online, you are saying that you think that that's margin accretive and could be a tailwind in the second half.
Could you make any comments about linearity sort of first half versus second half?
So it's difficult -- it's really difficult to call.
But I don't know if I would call -- I would make a call at this point that the first half is going to be stronger than the second half.
On the parts cleaning business typically utilization rates are a key driver for that business and obviously saw that on the memory front.
But did you talk about any potential incremental increases in that business due to the complexities of devices?
I think in Asia the factors on the COVID and supply chain the last few quarters has been minimal to almost nothing.
And we saw that at the beginning of the quarter that we're in, but I think we're seeing less and less of COVID related supplier issues.
It's now -- it's the typical issues when you're ramping the supplier issues that come up.
Jim Scholhamer -- Chief Executive Officer

Not much of a change.
The next step is typically then discussions around -- plans around the capacity adds and that's still -- we haven't seen that taking place yet.
Click here to find out which 9 other stocks recently crossed above their 200 day moving average »

The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
A reconciliation of our guidance for non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the subsequent quarter is not available due to fluctuations in the geographic mix of our earnings from quarter to quarter, which impacts our tax rate and cannot be reasonably predicted or determined.
As a result, such reconciliation is not available without unreasonable efforts and we are unable to determine the probable significance of the unavailable information.
These risks, uncertainties and other factors also include, among others, those identified in "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
HAYWARD, Calif., April 8, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: UCTT) today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 3,181,818 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $55.00 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $175.0 million.
The offering is scheduled to close on April 13, 2021, subject to customary closing conditions.
The underwriters for the offering will also have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 477,272 shares of the Company's common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount.
Second Quarter 2021 Outlook

Due to limited visibility resulting from the pandemic, the Company has widened its guidance ranges to reflect the heightened uncertainty in the marketplace.
A reconciliation of our guidance for non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the subsequent quarter is not available due to fluctuations in the geographic mix of our earnings from quarter to quarter, which impacts our tax rate and cannot be reasonably predicted or determined.
As a result, such reconciliation is not available without unreasonable efforts and we are unable to determine the probable significance of the unavailable information.
These risks, uncertainties and other factors also include, among others, those identified in "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
HAYWARD, Calif., March 31, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: UCTT), today announced it has completed the acquisition of Ham-Let (Israel-Canada) Ltd. ("Ham-Let") for approximately $351 million, in a transaction which includes $284 million of equity value plus $67 million of net debt.
Under the terms of the agreement, the total transaction value is approximately $351 million and is being structured as an all-cash transaction.
We define "Adjusted EBITDA" as net income (loss) plus provision for (benefit from) taxes, interest and other expense (income), depreciation expense, amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring charges and other infrequent or unusual items.
In addition, the definition of Adjusted EBITDA used in this press release may not be comparable to the definitions as reported by other companies.
Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.
These risks and other factors also include, among others, those identified in "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and elsewhere in UCT's Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q and other reports and statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
GAAP - Non-GAAP Reconciliation



































($ in million)







UCT

Ham-Let

Combined













LTM % of Sales LTM % of Sales LTM % of Sales Revenue









$1,398.6 100.0% $202.9 100.0% $1,601.5 100.0%























Gross profit reconciliation

















Gross profit – GAAP







$291.8 20.9% $49.7 24.5% $341.4 21.3% Amortization of intangible assets



$4.1 0.3% $1.3 0.6% $5.4 0.3% Restructuring charges





$1.0 0.1% - - $1.0 0.1% Stock-based compensation expense



$2.1 0.2% $0.1 0.0% $2.2 0.1% Gross profit – Non-GAAP





$299.0 21.4% $51.1 25.2% $350.0 21.9%























Operating income reconciliation

















Operating income – GAAP





$121.4 8.7% $12.1 6.0% $133.5 8.3% Amortization of intangible assets



$19.8 1.4% $1.3 0.6% $21.1 1.3% Restructuring charges





$4.4 0.3% - - $4.4 0.3% Stock-based compensation expense



$12.9 0.9% $0.7 0.3% $13.6 0.8% Other non-recurring items





-$0.3 0.0% $0.1 0.0% -$0.3 0.0% Operating income – Non-GAAP



$158.2 11.3% $14.1 6.9% $172.3 10.8%























Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation

















Net income - GAAP







$80.4 5.7% $6.7 3.3% $87.1 5.4% Provision for taxes







$19.3 1.4% $2.4 1.2% $21.6 1.4% Interest and other expense, net





$21.7 1.6% $3.0 1.5% $24.7 1.5% Depreciation







$25.0 1.8% $7.7 3.8% $32.7 2.0% Amortization of intangible assets



$19.8 1.4% $1.3 0.6% $21.1 1.3% Restructuring charges





$4.4 0.3% - - $4.4 0.3% Stock-based compensation expense



$12.9 0.9% $0.7 0.3% $13.6 0.8% Other non-recurring items





-$0.3 0.0% $0.1 0.1% -$0.2 0.0% Adjusted EBITDA







$183.2 13.1% $21.8 10.7% $204.9 12.8%























LTM reflects unaudited results for the last twelve months ended Dec 25, 2020 for UCT and Dec 31, 2020 for Ham-Let Subject to rounding











































Source: Company filings

Contact:

Rhonda Bennetto

VP Investor Relations

(250) 370-9030

[email protected]

SOURCE Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc.

Related Links

www.uct.com
At the end of the third quarter, a total of 20 of the hedge funds tracked by Insider Monkey held long positions in this stock, a change of -9% from the second quarter of 2020.
As you can see these stocks had an average of 14.9 hedge funds with bullish positions and the average amount invested in these stocks was $77 million.
HAYWARD, Calif., Dec. 16, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: UCTT), today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Ham-Let (Israel-Canada) Ltd. ("Ham-Let"), a public company listed on the Tel Aviv stock exchange, for approximately $348 million, which includes $287 million of equity value plus $61 million of net debt.
Under the terms of the agreement, the total transaction value is approximately $348 million and is being structured as an all-cash transaction.
Increased Shareholder Value/Synergies: The acquisition is expected to drive long-term shareholder value through cost and revenue synergy opportunities.
Preliminary estimates for cost savings are approximately $20 million, and will be realized incrementally over the next three years.
There are no material differences between the IFRS amounts and what

such amounts would have been if recorded in accordance with U.S. GAAP Source: Company filings













Timing and Approvals

The transaction is expected to close in the latter part of Q1 or early Q2, 2021, subject to the completion of customary closing conditions, including (i) the expiration or termination of any waiting period under, or the receipt of approvals under, applicable foreign competition laws, (ii) the expiration of a period of at least fifty days after the filing of a merger proposal executed in accordance with Section 316 of the of the Companies Law 5759-1999 of the State of Israel with the Registrar of Companies of the State of Israel and (iii) the expiration of a period of at least thirty days after the approval of the transaction by the shareholders of Ham-Let.
Barclays acted as lead financial advisor to UCT and in its role as lead bookrunner, has provided committed acquisition financing, subject to customary closing conditions precedent to funding.
"Adjusted EBITDA" is defined as net income (loss) plus provision for (benefit from) taxes, interest expense, other expense (income), depreciation expense, amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, and other infrequent or unusual items.
The definition of Adjusted EBITDA used in this press release may not be comparable to the definitions as reported by other companies.
Forward looking statements included in this press release include, without limitation, statements regarding the proposed acquisition of Ham-Let by UCT, the expected timetable for completing the transaction, and benefits of the transaction and future opportunities for the combined company.
Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.
These risks and other factors also include, among others, those identified in "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and elsewhere in UCT's Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q and other reports and statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
GAAP - Non-GAAP Reconciliation













($ in million) UCT

Ham-Let

Combined



LTM % of Sales LTM % of Sales LTM % of Sales Revenue $1,315 100.0% $201 100.0% $1,517 100.0%













Gross profit reconciliation











Gross profit – GAAP 271 20.6% 50 25.1% 321 21.2% Amortization of intangible assets 4 0.3% 1 0.6% 5 0.4% Restructuring charges 1 0.1% - - 1 0.1% Stock-based compensation expense 2 0.2% 0 0.1% 2 0.2% Gross profit – Non-GAAP $278 21.1% $52 25.8% $329 21.7%













Operating income reconciliation











Operating income – GAAP 93 7.0% 13 6.5% 106 7.0% Amortization of intangible assets 20 1.5% 1 0.6% 21 1.4% Restructuring charges 17 1.3% - - 17 1.1% Stock-based compensation expense 13 1.0% 1 0.4% 13 0.9% Other non-recurring items (1) -0.1% 1 0.3% (1) 0.0% Operating income – Non-GAAP $141 10.7% $16 7.9% $157 10.3%













Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation











Net income - GAAP 48 3.7% 8 4.1% 56 3.7% Provision for taxes 17 1.3% 1 0.5% 18 1.2% Interest and other expense, net 28 2.1% 4 1.9% 32 2.1% Depreciation 27 2.0% 8 3.9% 35 2.3% Amortization of intangible assets 20 1.5% 1 0.6% 21 1.4% Restructuring charges 17 1.3% - - 17 1.1% Stock-based compensation expense 13 1.0% 1 0.4% 13 0.9% Other non-recurring items (1) -0.1% 1 0.4% (0) 0.0% Adjusted EBITDA $168 12.8% $24 11.8% $192 12.6%





0





LTM reflects unaudited results for the last twelve months ended Sept 25, 2020 for UCT and Sept 30, 2020 for Ham-Let Subject to rounding











Source: Company filings













Contact:

Rhonda Bennetto

Investor Relations

(250) 370-9030

[email protected]

SOURCE Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc.
These risks, uncertainties and other factors also include, among others, those identified in "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 27, 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
They also have a favorable combination of a Growth Score of A or B and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or 2 (Buy).
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Organically, the service segment is expected to grow in the mid-to-high-single digit range while acquisitions are anticipated to drive double-digit growth.
Transcat currently flaunts a Zacks Rank of 1 and a Growth Score of B.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its fiscal 2022 earnings is pegged at $1.42 per share, having been raised 12.7% in the past 60 days.
Ultra Clean currently carries a Zacks Rank of 2 and a Growth Score of A.
The consensus mark for its 2021 earnings is pegged at $2.86 per share, having moved 10.3% north in the past 60 days.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its fiscal 2021 earnings is pegged at 63 cents per share, having been revised 28.6% upward in the past 60 days.
Cambium carries a Zacks Rank #2 and a Growth Score of B.
The consensus mark for its 2021 earnings is pegged at $1.44 per share, up 13.4% over the past 60 days.
This digital consultancy provider has a Zacks Rank #2 and Growth Score of B.
The company is riding on an expanding customer base.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its 2021 bottom line is pegged at $3.12 per share, up 6.1% in the past 60 days.
With the economy set to take off once we put this pandemic in the past, investors don’t have to search for growth OR value.
We’ve got a screen that not only helps you find big growth rates and low valuations, but also adds the power of the Zacks Rank.
This screen is ingeniously titled: Growth & Value Plus Zacks Rank #1



Below are three stocks that recently passed the test.
The result also marked a substantial improvement over the previous year’s loss of 23 cents.
The coming economic boom should mean big things for Alcoa moving forward.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for this year has jumped 158% over the past two months to $4.20, while next year has climbed 253% in that time to $3.78.
These upward revisions have made AA a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy).
Shares have jumped approximately 74.6% this year, while soaring more than 440% over the past 12 months!
As part of the metal products – distribution space, AA is in the top 11% of the Zacks Industry Rank.
UCTT is a developer and supplier of critical subsystems for the semiconductor capital equipment, flat panel, solar and medical device industries.
As part of the electronics – manufacturing machinery industry, it’s in the Top 16% of the Zacks Industry Rank.
Shares are up nearly 50% so far in 2021 and approximately 170% over the past 12 months.
Earnings per share of 92 cents beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 10.8%, bringing the four-quarter average surprise to 26.8%.
The result was also a sharp improvement over the previous year’s 52 cents.
One of UCTT’s big moves in the past several months was the acquisition of Ham-Let, a global leader in the development, manufacturing and distribution of Ultra-High Purity and industrial flow control systems.
Late last month, Discover Financial Services (DFS) reported solid fiscal first-quarter results due in large part to its digital banking model.
As part of the financial – consumer loans space, DFS is in the top 16% of the Zacks Industry Rank.
Shares are up approximately 190% over the past 12 months, including nearly 30% so far in 2021.
Revenues of $2.8 billion were down slightly year-over-year, but topped our expectation by 1.3%.
Now a brand-new portfolio has been handpicked from over 4,000 companies covered by the Zacks Rank.
A reconciliation of our guidance for non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the following quarter is not available due to fluctuations in the geographic mix of our earnings from quarter to quarter, which impacts our tax rate and cannot be reasonably predicted or determined.
As a result, such reconciliation is not available without unreasonable efforts and we are unable to determine the probable significance of the unavailable information.
These risks, uncertainties and other factors also include, among others, those identified in "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 27, 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Shares closed at $45.28 after opening at $47.53 for a move of -4.01%.
The stock has a float of 40.5 million shares and average daily volume of $n/a.
The product range includes precision robotic solutions, gas delivery systems, a variety of industrial and automation production equipment products; subsystems that include wafer cleaning subsystems, chemical delivery modules, top-plate assemblies, frame assemblies, and process modules.
Its customer base includes firms in semiconductor capital equipment industry, medical, energy, industrial, flat panel and research equipment industries.
The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2021 subject to customary closing conditions.
MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT OR IMPAIRMENT.
CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY.
CREDIT RATINGS, NON-CREDIT ASSESSMENTS ("ASSESSMENTS"), AND OTHER OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY'S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT.
MOODY'S CREDIT RATINGS, ASSESSMENTS, OTHER OPINIONS AND PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND MOODY'S CREDIT RATINGS, ASSESSMENTS, OTHER OPINIONS AND PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES.
MOODY'S CREDIT RATINGS,ASSESSMENTS, OTHER OPINIONS, AND PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY'S CREDIT RATINGS, ASSESSMENTS, OTHER OPINIONS OR PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION.
IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER.
MOODY'S CREDIT RATINGS,ASSESSMENTS, OTHER OPINIONS AND PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY ANY PERSON AS A BENCHMARK AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED FOR REGULATORY PURPOSES AND MUST NOT BE USED IN ANY WAY THAT COULD RESULT IN THEM BEING CONSIDERED A BENCHMARK.
Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY'S affiliate, Moody's Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody's Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable).
Beating the market is what this sleepy semiconductor company has done over the past five years.
Those are wide ranges, and reflect the ongoing uncertainty from COVID-19.
Granted, these are enormous customers that account for a lot of market share, and it's not as dependent on them now as in years past.
However, losing either customer to a competitor would be devastating.
This facility could increase its overall capacity by 50% in the long run and places it in close proximity to customers.
It is calculated by dividing the numerator (month-end price minus 50-day moving average of month-end price) by the 50-day moving average of the month-end price.
Story continues

• Zacks Rank equal to #1

No matter whether the market is good or bad, stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 have a proven history of outperformance.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
These few parameters have narrowed down the universe of over 7,175 stocks to only 18.
It has a Momentum Score of A and a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 22.4%, on average.
It has a Momentum Score of B and a four-quarter earnings surprise of 24.5%, on average.
The trailing four-quarter earnings surprise is 53.5%, on average.
The trailing four-quarter earnings surprise is 41.5%, on average.
It has a Momentum Score of A and a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 35.6%, on average.
Everything is in plain language.
X

The stock market rally erased early gains Monday as crude oil prices and Treasury yields fell sharply on signs of slowing economic growth.
However, Square (SQ), Applied Materials (AMAT) and DXC Technology (DXC) broke out Monday, at least intraday.
China has cracked down on online gaming firms previously.
NetEase (NTES) tumbled 10% in premarket U.S. action, with Bilibili (BILI) down 7%.
Crude oil prices erasing slim overnight gains, edging lower after falling sharply on Monday.
The 10-year Treasury yield was little changed, also erasing modest premarket gains, after tumbling Monday.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.3% in Monday's stock market trading.
The ISM's prices paid index retreated from extreme levels as raw material cost increases slowed somewhat.
Crude oil prices fell 3.6%, to $71.26 a barrel.
The iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF (IGV) closed just above breakeven.
Square stock leapt 10% to 272.38 in massive volume, racing past a new handle buy point of 267.87.
Applied Materials stock had a setup day on Friday, rebounding slightly from its 50-day line.
Applied Materials earnings are due Aug. 19.
DXC earnings are due on Wednesday, giving little time to build a cushion.
Late last week TSLA stock rebounded from its 200-day line and broke a downtrend, offering an aggressive entry.
The RS line for Tesla stock, though still off its January peak, is at least above a short-term high.
However, Nio reported a slight decline vs. June.
Li Auto stock faded badly to end up 0.9%.
But BYDDF stock jumped 7.1% to 33, breaking past a 31.40 buy point from a very deep cup-with-handle base.
But given the sharp drop in oil prices and the 10-year Treasury yield, that's not too bad.
Leading stocks held up relatively well, at least among tech-related names.
Steelmakers retreated on a down day for commodity plays, but steel stocks have been huge winners over the past couple of weeks.
The size of the global semiconductor industry is expected to increase at a CAGR of 4.7% between 2019 to 2027.
The iShares PHLX Semiconductor ETF (SOXX), which is the largest ETF focused on semiconductor stocks, has gained 76.7% over the past year.
AEIS’ stock has gained 72.8% over the past year to close yesterday’s trading session at $108.8.
The leadership change is expected to help deliver sustainable and profitable growth by the company.
AEIS is expected to see a revenue growth of 2.4% for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and 4.2% in 2021.
A growing number of small and medium-sized companies are also reporting stronger numbers and seeing upward revision in their estimates.
Especially since safety measures have been inflating operating costs for a while now and are likely to remain that way in the next few quarters.
Of course, growth stocks often refer to companies that are not mature.
As long as the debt-cap ratio is under 60%.
And, if a company has a low debt cap and current ratio that’s at least over one, it shows that the company is generating enough cash for its day-to-day operations.
Combining these criteria with the usual things we see, which are the Zacks Rank, the Growth Score, the most recent earnings beats, the estimate revision trend and the growth forecast gives you a list of stocks that are better positioned to grow.
Here are a few examples-

Avnet

Avnet is one of the world’s largest distributors of electronic components and computer products.
In the March, June and September quarters, it beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate (an average of analyst expectations) by 31.0%, 1300.0% and 200.0%, respectively.
Avnet has been around for a while, so it’s extremely unlikely that the pandemic will have any lasting impact on its business.
But it’s still worth noting that its debt-cap ratio is a mere 24.0% while its current ratio is 2.39X.
Management said on the earnings call that Texas Instruments transitioning away from Avnet will continue to negatively impact revenue next year although the rest of the business will continue to grow.
The Zacks Rank #1 company belongs to the Electronics - Manufacturing Machinery industry, which is in the top 22% of Zacks-classified industries.
Revenue is expected to be up 30.5% this year, improving 9.5% in 2021.
Earnings are also expected to grow, jumping 196.7% this year and 9.4% in the next.
The Zacks Rank #2 company belongs to the Electronics – Semiconductors industry, which is in the top 9% of Zacks-classified industries.
Revenue is expected to be up 26.5% this year, improving 4.1% in 2021.
Earnings are also expected to grow, jumping 102.3% this year and 8.2% in the next.
Despite the 20.4% appreciation in shares over the past month, they remain undervalued.
The Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) company belongs to the Business – Services industry, which is in the top 37% of Zacks-classified industries.
Revenue is expected to be down 4.0% this year, improving in 2021.
Lifetime Brands

Lifetime Brands is a leading designer, marketer and distributor of kitchenware, cutlery & cutting boards, bakeware & cookware, pantryware & spices, tabletop and bath accessories.
The Zacks Rank #2 company belongs to the Consumer Products – Discretionary industry, which is in the top 20% of Zacks-classified industries.
Revenue is expected to be up 2.9% this year, improving 2.6% in 2021.
Earnings are also expected to grow, jumping 93.3% this year followed by 23.0% in the next.
The shares are up 7.9% in the past month and there’s room for further appreciation.
Ignited by referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $17.7 billion in 2019 to a staggering $73.6 billion by 2027.
9339

support@zacks.com

https://www.zacks.com

Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice.
These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs.
This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.
NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed.
NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed.
X

Kulicke & Soffa joins several other semiconductor sector stocks on the IBD Breakout Stocks Index.
Which Semiconductor Stocks And Other Industry Leaders Make On The IBD Breakout Stocks Index?
The stock has recovered from a drop off its old high while forming that base.
It has now moved solidly back above its 10-week moving average.
As with other index ETFs, this allows you to essentially invest in the entire index in addition to or rather than buying individual stocks.
Kornit Digital (KRNT) has just broke out of a double-bottom base.
Boosted by three quarters of rising earnings and sales growth, Dell stock is just shy of the 103.90 buy point it briefly cleared on Monday.
Applied Materials stock continues to work on a second-stage base showing a 146.10 entry as it tests support at its 10-week moving average.
Semiconductor equipment maker KLA (KLAC) late Thursday beat Wall Street's targets for its fiscal third quarter and pointed higher for the current period.
Analysts expected KLA earnings of $3.62 a share on sales of $1.75 billion.
KLAC Stock Dips In Late Trades

In after-hours trading on the stock market today, KLAC stock sank 1.6%, near 321.
On April 1, KLAC stock broke out of a cup base at a buy point of 342.31, according to IBD MarketSmith charts.
Late Tuesday, Teradyne said it earned an adjusted $1.11 a share on sales of $782 million in the first quarter.
Some Chip Gear Stocks Disappoint

Meanwhile, semiconductor equipment stocks Cohu (COHU), Entegris (ENTG) and FormFactor (FORM) disappointed with their quarterly reports this week.
X

Intel Chief Executive Pat Gelsinger outlined the company's manufacturing strategy during a webcast late Tuesday.
Value stocks have been on a tear over the past six months, as some growth stocks have fizzled out.
Tugman co-manages the Janus Henderson Small Cap Value Fund JSCOX with Craig Kempler, and also co-manages the Janus Henderson Mid Cap Value Fund JMVAX with Kevin Preloger.
The Small Cap Value Fund is rated four stars (out of five) by Morningstar, while the Mid Cap Value Fund has a three-star rating.
He pointed out that periods of outperformance for value stocks have historically stretched over several years.
United Community Banks Inc. UCBI is a holding of the Janus Henderson Small Cap Value Fund.
is a holding of the Janus Henderson Small Cap Value Fund.
Another small-cap holding is Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc. SHO , which is a real-estate investment trust that owns hotel buildings and leases them to operators licensed by Marriott, Hilton and other well-known brands.
With the industry beginning to reopen, he believes “SHO sets up well for the long term.”

Stadlinger is the lead manager for the Columbia Small Cap Value Fund II NSVAX, and has been involved with the fund’s management since 2002.
The Columbia Small Cap Value Fund II holds about 100 stocks.
This is an industry whose business model has changed, at least for such a large player.
And now, as the travel industry reopens, various other revenue streams are resuming, including restaurant and pool fees, he said.
This is an industry whose business model has changed, at least for such a large player.
And now, as the travel industry reopens, various other revenue streams are resuming, including restaurant and pool fees, he said.
Value vs growth

The broad stock market indexes are broken into overlapping value and growth groups.
The companies in both camps show characteristics of both, or at least did the last time the indexes were rebalanced, which happens annually.
Here are total returns for the three broad S&P indexes over the past six months, along with those of their value and growth subsets:

(FactSet)

So for all three indexes, the value groups have been in the lead for the past six months, as stocks have performed very well across the board.
For mid-caps, here are P/E comparisons for the iShares Core S&P Mid Cap ETF IJH, the SPDR S&P 400 Mid Cap Value ETF MDYV and the iShares S&P 500 Mid-cap 400 Growth ETF IJK :

(FactSet)

For small-cap stocks, here are P/E comparisons for the SPDR S&P 600 Small Cap ETF SLY, the iShares S&P Small-Cap 600 Value ETF IJS and the SPDR S&P 600 Small Cap Growth ETF SLYG :

(FactSet)

So for the small- and mid-cap value stocks, forward P/E ratios aren’t very high when compared with 10-year averages, even after such a powerful rally.
What happened

Shares of Ultra Clean Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:UCTT) declined 19.2% in July, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence, after the semiconductor equipment specialist announced mixed second-quarter 2018 results and disappointing forward guidance.
In that report, the company revealed that revenue had climbed 27.1% year over year to $290.2 million, which translated to adjusted net income of $21.5 million, or $0.55 per share, down from $0.62 per share in the same year-ago period.
Analysts, on average, were looking for earnings of $0.57 per share on roughly the same revenue.
This doesn't mean that Ultra Clean is a broken business.
("QGT") for $342 million in cash, subject to customary balance sheet adjustments.
We define "Adjusted EBITDA" as net income (loss) plus provision for (benefit from) taxes, interest expense, other expense (income), depreciation expense, amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, and other infrequent or unusual items.
In addition, the definition of Adjusted EBITDA used in this press release may not be comparable to the definitions as reported by other companies.
Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.
These risks and other factors also include, among others, those identified in "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and elsewhere in UCT's Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q and other reports and statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
This transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to UCT's net income and should add up to $0.02 to UCT's GAAP EPS and $0.05 to $0.07 to UCT's non-GAAP EPS in 2019.
UCT expects to incur one-time transaction costs of approximately $1 million.
DMS defines "Adjusted EBITDA" as net income (loss) plus research & development expense, depreciation expense, interest expense, provision for (benefit from) franchise taxes, and other one-time expenses.
In addition, the definition of Adjusted EBITDA used in this press release may not be comparable to the definitions as reported by other companies.
A reconciliation of our guidance for DMS's contribution to UCT's non-GAAP net income per share for 2019 is not available due to the uncertainty of the timing of the one-time transaction costs and other items associated with the acquisition and cannot be reasonably predicted or determined at this time.
As a result, such reconciliation is not available without unreasonable efforts and we are unable to determine the probable significance of the unavailable information.
Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.
These risks and other factors also include, among others, those identified in "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and elsewhere in UCT's Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q and other reports and statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Malaysia has established a strong base of high-value manufacturing companies and is poised to capitalize on growth opportunities, specifically in the semiconductor market.
"This state-of-the-art facility will ensure business continuity, enable us to better serve and bring value to our local and global customer base, and allow us to capitalize on longer-term growth opportunities."
These risks, uncertainties and other factors also include, among others, those identified in "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 27, 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
If we focus on the long-term PE trend, Synchrony Financial’s current PE level puts it below its midpoint over the past five years.
At the very least, this indicates that the stock is relatively undervalued right now, compared to its peers.
Also, as we can see in the chart below, this is below the highs for this stock in particular over the past few years.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research

If anything, SYF is in the lower end of its range in the time period from a P/S metric, suggesting some level of undervalued trading—at least compared to historical norms.
You can see the consensus estimate trend and recent price action for the stock in the chart below:

Synchrony Financial Price and Consensus

Synchrony Financial price-consensus-chart | Synchrony Financial Quote

Despite this positive trend, the stock has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), which indicates expectations of in-line performance from the company in the near term.
However, with a sluggish industry rank (among bottom 22% of more than 250 industries) and a Zacks Rank #3, it is hard to get too excited about this company overall.
Zacks’ has just revealed 3 companies that can help investors capitalize on the explosive profit potential of Bitcoin and the other cryptocurrencies with significantly less volatility than buying them directly.
Our Accessibility Statement | Terms of Service | Do Not Sell My Information



© 2021 Market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.
Flora Growth recently announced it entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent with Evergreen Pharmacare to supply its premium dried flower and derivative products.
Flora Growth recently announced it entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent with Evergreen Pharmacare to supply its premium dried flower and derivative products.
Victoria's Secret & Co. (NYSE:VSCO) surged 18.8% to close at $58.23.
Victoria's Secret & Co. completed separation from Bath & Body Works.
Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on Victorias Secret & Co. with an Overweight rating and announced a price target of $76.
Victoria's Secret & Co. completed separation from Bath & Body Works.
Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on Victorias Secret & Co. with an Overweight rating and announced a price target of $76.
TravelCenters of America Inc. (NASDAQ:TA) jumped 18.7% to $35.01 after the company reported a sharp rise in quarterly earnings.
(NASDAQ:TA) jumped 18.7% to $35.01 after the company reported a sharp rise in quarterly earnings.
Check out these big penny stock gainers and losers

Losers
Analysts expected Applied Materials earnings of $1.28 a share on sales of $4.97 billion.
During the regular session Thursday, AMAT stock fell 2% to 113.43 during an overall down day for the market.
AMAT Stock Surges Past Two Buy Points

On Nov. 5, AMAT stock broke out of an 11-week consolidation period at a buy point of 70, according to IBD MarketSmith charts.
General Electric (NYSE:GE) is getting lean and mean.
Those decisions are never easy, but investors are seeing it pay off

Culp is taking a page out of the playbook he used when he was CEO at Danaher (NYSE:DHR).
General Electric’s float will drop from around $8.8 billion to approximately $1.1 billion.
However, with Culp prioritizing cash flow above all else, it’s hard to imagine that increasing the dividend won’t become a priority once it’s practical.
So far, it’s going about as well, if not better, than could be expected.
The stock is showing bullish action after finding support at its 10-week moving average.
Outpacing The Market

An 87 Relative Strength Rating means AMAT stock is beating 87% of all other stocks.
Shutterstock Among Hot Stocks

Among other growth stocks worth a look, Shutterstock (SSTK) could complete a flat base this week.
Shutterstock is also testing support at its 10-week moving average.
It's more than 40% extended from a 59.55 buy point of a cup base cleared in October.
The current base would be second stage, which means Shutterstock could still have plenty of room to run.
Profit growth rebounded in the past three quarters at 88%, 176% and 255%, after three quarters of declines.
Sales growth resumed the past two quarters, following two quarters of declines.
Other internet retailers making Your Weekly Review include Etsy (ETSY) (99 EPS, 94 RS) and Vipshop (VIPS) (88 EPS, 93 RS).
Vipshop, though, is enduring a tough session today as China stocks tumble.
We look forward to seeing if they can maintain this new upgraded rating in the third quarter, or if they will fizzle back to their previous rating.
Since there are already plenty of small business retailers using Square’s register and card reader products, the ability to send and receive their money within one network means that Square customers really won’t need separate bank accounts anymore.
Square launched Square Terminal in Japan last quarter and Square Register in both the U.K. and Australia, and investors should keep an eye out for any other moves that the company makes to expand its international presence.
The grade shows how a stock's price performance over the trailing 52 weeks compares to all the other stocks in our database.
See if the stock forms a new pattern or follow-on buying opportunity like a three-weeks tight or pullback to the 50-day or 10-week line.
3 rank among its peers in the Electronics-Semiconductor Equipment industry group.
The multi-year, multi-continent effort will be managed and implemented by Bristlecone, a Silicon Valley-based supply chain advisory and analytics SaaS+ firm.
About Bristlecone

Bristlecone is a premier Supply Chain Advisory and Analytics SaaS+ firm focused on enabling Digitally Connected Supply Chains for Hi-Tech, CPG, Retail and Process Industries.
All other product and service names mentioned are the trademarks of their respective companies.
• TG Therapeutics (NASDAQ:TGTX) is expected to report earnings for its second quarter.
• Green Plains (NASDAQ:GPRE) is likely to report quarterly loss at $0.23 per share on revenue of $715.42 million.
• Tower Semiconductor (NASDAQ:TSEM) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.33 per share on revenue of $359.75 million.
• Green Plains Partners (NASDAQ:GPP) is estimated to report earnings for its second quarter.
• ON Semiconductor (NASDAQ:ON) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.49 per share on revenue of $1.62 billion.
• ArcBest (NASDAQ:ARCB) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $1.61 per share on revenue of $915.95 million.
• Ramaco Resources (NASDAQ:METC) is expected to report earnings for its second quarter.
• Black Stone Minerals (NYSE:BSM) is expected to report earnings for its second quarter.
• Addus HomeCare (NASDAQ:ADUS) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.89 per share on revenue of $216.83 million.
• Unisys (NYSE:UIS) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.33 per share on revenue of $485.57 million.
• Brixmor Property Group (NYSE:BRX) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.14 per share on revenue of $274.32 million.
• Buenaventura Mining Co (NYSE:BVN) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.27 per share on revenue of $286.47 million.
• Ameresco (NYSE:AMRC) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.26 per share on revenue of $259.86 million.
• Vornado Realty (NYSE:VNO) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.10 per share on revenue of $378.90 million.
• Freshpet (NASDAQ:FRPT) is expected to report quarterly loss at $0.04 per share on revenue of $106.08 million.
• Centerspace (NYSE:CSR) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.03 per share on revenue of $46.73 million.
• SI-BONE (NASDAQ:SIBN) is expected to report quarterly loss at $0.39 per share on revenue of $21.96 million.
• ZoomInfo Technologies (NASDAQ:ZI) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.12 per share on revenue of $162.34 million.
• Valaris (NYSE:VAL) is expected to report quarterly loss at $0.99 per share on revenue of $285.00 million.
• Mosaic (NYSE:MOS) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.95 per share on revenue of $2.82 billion.
• CVR Energy (NYSE:CVI) is expected to report quarterly loss at $0.33 per share on revenue of $1.41 billion.
• NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ:NXPI) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $2.31 per share on revenue of $2.58 billion.
The stock market rally closed the week little changed, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq pulling back after hitting record highsamid a crush of earnings reports.
But Shopify (SHOP) jumped while oil producers rallied on earnings and rising crude prices.
The work-from-home and school-at-home trends spurred by the Covid-19 pandemic have fueled Mac and iPad sales over the past year.
It expects iPhone sales growth to slow and sees semiconductor shortages impacting Mac and iPad production in the quarter.
But updated 2021 subscription billings guidance disappointed while ServiceNow added fewer big contracts than in the prior quarter.
Private equity firm Thoma Bravo agreed to buy cybersecurity firm Proofpoint (PFPT) in an all-cash $12.3 billion deal.
But the automaker warned that it expects to lose about half of its planned Q2 production, up from 17% in Q1, after extending downtime at some factories.
That's due to the worsening global chip shortage, which it now says could last through 2022.
Ford stock plunged, with other auto stocks retreating.
Tesla also disclosed the EPA sent the company a notice to provide missing compliance records tied to its paint shop.
The China EV maker said Q2 deliveries will be about flat amid chip shortages.
Boeing, Raytheon, GE Results Mixed

Boeing (BA) narrowed its Q1 loss vs. a year earlier to $1.53 per share, but it was worse than expected.
General Electric (GE) slightly beat EPS views, but sales missed, weighed down by its aviation unit.
The restaurant chains reported as they lap April of last year, when coronavirus-related shutdowns hurt the restaurant industry and forced a shift to digital, pickup and delivery orders.
MCD stock was little changed in a buy zone while Starbucks retreated.
But shares fell, even as it raised its full-year outlook, suggesting limited upside for the rest of the year.
But total monthly active users, including ad-supported listeners, missed views.
People have been anxiously waiting for another round of stimulus checks, but so far, there hasn’t been any official talks on it.
Moreover, considering the other stimulus packages that President Biden is working on, along with a better than expected economic recovery, another round of stimulus checks seems very unlikely.
Congress is scheduled to go on recess on Thursday for the Fourth of July, and won’t return for two and a half weeks.
The proponents of another round of stimulus checks see it as an opportunity to make it part of Biden’s "families plan."
Booth staff will show how cleaner chambers start-up quicker, faster part turnaround times reduce inventory, longer MTBCs improve productivity and reduce PM costs, and how less aggressive cleaning methods and recoating can extend part life.
Reverse mortgages have a bad reputation.
In the past, homeowners could find themselves with a million dollars in captive equity but were forced to pay hundreds of thousands to defray their reverse mortgages.
Further, people can use a reverse mortgage calculator to see what their reverse loan would approximately look like, depending on the estimated value of the property, the person’s age and that of their partner, among other variables.
Further, borrowers must be at least 62 years old.
“If you’re married and your spouse isn’t yet 62, getting a reverse mortgage is not ideal.
It may also mean that the company has failed to utilize its assets significantly.
Asset utilization is the ratio of total sales over the past 12 months to the last four-quarter average of total assets.
Zacks Rank equal to #1 (Only Strong Buy-rated stocks can get through).
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Growth Score less than or equal to B (Back-tested results show that stocks with a Growth Score of A or B when combined with a Zacks Rank #1 or 2 handily beat other stocks.)
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its 2021 earnings has been revised upward by 30.8% over the past 30 days to $6.80 per share.
It has a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 74.24%, on average.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2021 earnings has been revised 11.9% upward over the past 60 days to $3.39 per share.
It has a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 30.82%, on average.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its 2021 earnings has been revised 31.2% upward by to $4.58 in the past 60 days.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its 2021 earnings has moved 31.5% north to $3.14 in the past 60 days.
It has a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of a whopping 228.19%, on average.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for fiscal 2022 earnings has improved 41.1% over the past 60 days to $5.05.
It has a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 74.32%, on average.
Get the remaining stocks on the list and start putting this and other ideas to the test.
Everything is in plain language.
Basically, these are the products that are hard to eliminate from a budget even in times of financial trouble.
Rydex Consumer Products Fund (RYPDX, 36%)

RYPDX usually invests in equity securities of U.S.-traded Consumer Products Companies, as well as in derivatives.
RYPDX has given a return of 8.81% over the past three years, and 6.44% over the past five years.
FDAGX has given a return of 10.42% over the past three years, and 6.77% over the past five years.
This fund normally invests at least 90% of its assets in the common stocks that are part of the index.
The fund normally invests at least 90% of its assets in the securities included in the underlying index.
It usually invests a minimum of 90% of its assets in the common stocks and depository receipts of companies’ part of the underlying index.
Invesco DWA Consumer Staples Mom ETF (PSL, 55%)

PSL tries to match the investment performance of the Dorsey Wright® Consumer Staples Technical Leaders Index.
It normally invests at least 90% of its assets in the securities part of the underlying index.
Rowe Price Global Consumer Fund (PGLOX, 59%)

PGLOX normally invests at least 80% of its assets in the companies operating in the consumer sector.
Also, it usually invests a minimum of 40% of its assets in the companies located outside the U.S. PGLOX has given a 15.39% return over the past three years.
As a testament to where experts and business leaders see the future of the technology headed, yet another company specializing in manufacturing has stepped into the arena, in part due to a recent acquisition.
Investors should note that the Nasdaq-100-based ETF QQQ (up 11.2%) performed almost in line with the S&P 500-based ETF SPY (up 10.9%) in the past three months and lagged the small-cap ETF IWM (up 28.8%) massively.
In fact, hopes of faster-than-expected recovery dulled some of the shine in the tech stocks over the past three months.
Still, a few reasons could act as tailwinds for the Nasdaq this year too.
If the vaccines fail to restrain the new strain of virus, fears may flare up and the Nasdaq will again rule.
Travels will likely be less in the post-COVID world and e-payments will gain precedence.
DataTrek Research shows that the index's jump in double digits for at least three years in a row has happened four times since 1972, as quoted on investors.com.
"But it's tough to surprise markets three years in a row," said DataTrek co-founder Nicholas Colas, as quoted on investors.com.
Stock Picks

Against this backdrop, below we highlight a few Nasdaq stocks that look to be up for solid gains in 2021.
Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd. (AOSL)

The Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock is engaged in designing, developing and supplying a broad range of power semiconductors globally, including a portfolio of Power MOSFET and Power IC products.
2020 Price Change: 73.57%

12-Week Price Change: 41.90%

2021’s Estimated Growth Rate: 102.27%

Growth Score: B

Organogenesis Holdings Inc. (ORGO)

The Zacks Rank #2 company is a leading regenerative medicine company focused on the development, and commercialization of solutions for the Advanced Wound Care and Surgical & Sports Medicine markets.
2020 Price Change: 56.55%

12-Week Price Change: 95.1%

2021’s Estimated Growth Rate: 101.02%

Growth Score: B

Ultra Clean Holdings Inc. (UCTT)

The Zacks Rank #2 company is a developer and supplier of critical subsystems for the semiconductor capital equipment, flat panel, solar and medical device industries.
2020 Price Change: 32.7%

12-Week Price Change: 32.2%

2021’s Estimated Growth Rate: 208.2%

Growth Score: B

Cohu Inc. (COHU)

The Zacks Rank #2 Cohu is a leading supplier of semiconductor test and inspection handlers, micro-electro mechanical system (MEMS) test modules, test contactors and thermal sub-systems used by global semiconductor manufacturers and test subcontractors.
With a trailing P/E of just 20, the stock trades at a very low multiple relative to growth, although the semiconductor sector is cyclical and typically trades with lower P/Es.
It closed around $14 yesterday following the earnings news.
Make a small initial buy and put it on your radar.
If conditions are weak, there will be an opportunity to add to a position at lower prices, and if momentum is running strong you may be required to average up.
I typically will make partial sells at stop points and then will consider rebuying if the price action improves.
So here are the 39 stocks among the S&P 1500 that are covered by at least five analysts, with all rating the shares “buy” or the equivalent.
US:PGNX N/A 6 $5.07 $10.08 99% Green Plains Inc.
There are no forward P/E ratios for the last three companies on this list because analysts expect their combined earnings for the next 12 reported months to be negative.
If we can keep up with personal protective measures and limit our contacts for a final push to keep COVID-19 infection rates down as vaccine programs scale up, we can keep the path clear for vaccines to do their part.
We are already seeing the benefits of vaccines in high-risk populations, with reduced COVID-19 infection rates among adults over 80 years of age and fewer outbreaks in long term care homes.
To date, there have been no unexpected vaccine safety issues (safety signals) identified in Canada.
A total of 287 AEFI reports to date – about 1 in 9,900 doses administered – were considered serious, such as a severe allergic reaction.
Although it is expected that rare events will be detected when vaccines are given to millions of people, they must always be taken seriously and investigated thoroughly.
Currently, there are 34,283 active cases across the country.
While COVID-19 continues to impact people of all ages in Canada, infection rates are highest among those aged 20-39 years of age.
Although severe illness is less common among young adults, it is important to remember that serious illness can occur at any age.
Nationally, declines in lagging indicators of COVID-19 severity are levelling off or increasing slightly.
During the same period, there were an average of 31 COVID-19-related deaths reported daily.
Any easing of public health measures must be done slowly with enhanced testing, screening, and genomic analysis to detect variants of concern.
“The proportion of U.S.-listed companies losing money for three years reached its highest last year in data stretching back to the late 1990s,” Mackintosh wrote, citing data compiled by Andrew Lapthorne, global head of quantitative research at Société Générale.
With negative interest rates in Europe and Japan, and increasing stimulus by the U.S. Federal Reserve, maybe investors shouldn’t be surprised that the S&P 500 Index US:SPX has returned 26% over the past year.
Even after recent gains, the stock is down 59% over the past three years.
Another example of a recovery play, listed below, is Caesars Entertainment US:CZR, which is up 55% over the past year, as the casino company has continued its multiyear investments in property upgrades.
A look at the broad U.S. market, as represented by the Russell 3000 US:RUA, shows 808 companies that have negative earnings per share for the past four reported quarters combined.
So all these companies have been consistently profitable at some point, even if they have been going through a difficult period recently.
The S&P 1500 Composite Index has returned 28% over the past year, and 45 companies have performed at least as well as the index, with four returning more than 100%.
Here’s the entire list, sorted by 12-month total returns:

Company Ticker Total return - 12 months through Jan. 12 EPS - past four reported quarters Sales growth - past 12 months from previous 12-month period Gross margin - most recent quarter Gross margin - year-earlier quarter Diebold Nixdorf Inc.
These might provide some insight into why these stocks have performed so well over the past year.
A company’s gross margin is its sales, less the cost of goods sold, divided by sales.
A narrowing margin might result from discounting or other efforts to increase or defend market share.
A continually narrow margin might be a bad sign.
Mr. Baughman previously worked for ParVest Asset Management, Inc. as a Vice President.
The hedge fund’s 13F portfolio is valued at approximately $295.91 million as of the end of the first quarter of 2021.
It reported earnings per share of $1.40, in line with the previous.
Its earnings per share was -$0.85, in line with the previous.
The firm reported earnings per share of $0.36, topping market expectations by $0.06.
The hedge fund’s stake in TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: TTMI) decreased by 25% in the first quarter of 2021.
Baughman's Stake Value: $14,468,000 Percentage of Steven Baughman's 13F Portfolio: 4.88% Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 16

Photronics, Inc. (NASDAQ: PLAB) with its subsidiaries produces and sells photomask products and services in the United States, Taiwan, Korea, Europe, China, and other foreign markets.
The shares of Photronics surged 34.59% in the past 12 months.
The firm reported earnings per share of $0.17, in line with the previous.
Divisar Capital's stake in Photronics shares decreased by 11% in the past few months.
The hedge fund has trimmed stakes in the firm by 24% in the past few months.
Net income per share is expected to be in the range of $0.94 to $1.10, exceeding the consensus of $0.96.
The hedge fund has trimmed stakes in the firm by 60% in the past few months.
Baughman’s Stake Value: $18,145,000 Percentage of Steven Baughman’s 13F Portfolio: 6.13% Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 15

Tilly's, Inc. (NYSE: TLYS) is a specialty shop in the United States that sells casual clothes, footwear, accessories, and goods to young men and women, as well as boys and girls.
X

The Hayward, Calif.-based semiconductor equipment maker late Monday said it earned 99 cents a share on sales of $515 million in the June quarter.
UCTT stock has been consolidating for the past 17 weeks with a buy point of 65.43, according to IBD MarketSmith charts.
Today's call contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties.
We are extremely grateful that we have had zero employee to employee transfers of the virus within our 6,000 plus global workforce since the pandemic began.
Before handing the call over to Sheri, I want to again thank our employees and our suppliers and partners for their commitment and incredibly hard work, and we look forward to speaking with you again in a few months.
Our Services division was up slightly to $72.7 million.
Operating expense for the quarter was $48.9 million compared to $38.1 million in Q1 due to the acquisition of Ham-Let.
As we mentioned when we purchased Ham-Let, their operating margins are below our typical products margin range.
And then I have few other questions.
And the reason I'm asking is that, in the past year, you have always outgrown WFE.
But do the math, that basically means that December revenue had to be flat to up if you want to outpace WFE.
So I'm just kind of curious what is it that will [Indecipherable] if maybe give any color until December houses.
But as I mentioned in previous calls, they are not accretive yet from an operating margin perspective.
I know you've got Malaysia ramping in September, but how tight are things now?
But I think one of the few times that have been in the industry where maybe 20, 30 years ago it happened in the late '90s where the revenue is really gated by, not by orders, but by the ability of the whole industry to keep up with things.
Revenue and operating margin will stay the same or have a bigger adjustment of profit below the line in other income.
But as you get the Malaysia facility ramps up, typically, there are start-up costs associated with it.
Christian Schwab -- Craig-Hallum Capital Group -- Analyst

And then lastly, would you guys still expect as we go through the wafer front-end equipment spending cycle for you guys to outgrow WFE by at least 10 points on a go-forward basis?
I think they're looking at roughly $80 billion -- $80 billion plus perhaps.
And I think also the consensus is the second half of this year will continue to grow.
A reconciliation of our guidance for non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the subsequent quarter is not available due to fluctuations in the geographic mix of our earnings from quarter to quarter, which impacts our tax rate and cannot be reasonably predicted or determined.
As a result, such reconciliation is not available without unreasonable efforts and we are unable to determine the probable significance of the unavailable information.
These risks, uncertainties and other factors also include, among others, those identified in "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
For example, pet market is growing at a 7% annual rate and is expected to reach $110 billion in 2021.
As you can see these stocks had an average of 17.3 hedge funds with bullish positions and the average amount invested in these stocks was $161 million.
This is a slightly negative signal and we'd rather spend our time researching stocks that hedge funds are piling on.
Unfortunately UCTT wasn't nearly as popular as these 5 stocks (hedge fund sentiment was quite bearish); UCTT investors were disappointed as the stock returned -10.6% since the end of March (through 7/23) and underperformed the market.
They also have a favorable combination of a Growth Score of A or B and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or 2 (Buy).
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Organically, the service segment is expected to grow in the mid-to-high-single digit range while acquisitions are anticipated to drive double-digit growth.
Transcat currently flaunts a Zacks Rank of 1 and a Growth Score of B.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its fiscal 2022 earnings is pegged at $1.42 per share, having been raised 12.7% in the past 60 days.
Ultra Clean currently carries a Zacks Rank of 2 and a Growth Score of A.
The consensus mark for its 2021 earnings is pegged at $2.86 per share, having moved 10.3% north in the past 60 days.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its fiscal 2021 earnings is pegged at 63 cents per share, having been revised 28.6% upward in the past 60 days.
Cambium carries a Zacks Rank #2 and a Growth Score of B.
The consensus mark for its 2021 earnings is pegged at $1.44 per share, up 13.4% over the past 60 days.
This digital consultancy provider has a Zacks Rank #2 and Growth Score of B.
The company is riding on an expanding customer base.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its 2021 bottom line is pegged at $3.12 per share, up 6.1% in the past 60 days.
Prior to today's trading, shares of the chipmaking equipment services company had gained 17.54% over the past month.
Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank.
Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988.
Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant.
UCTT is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy).
This represents a discount compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 18.67.
Electronics - Manufacturing Machinery stocks are, on average, holding a PEG ratio of 1.13 based on yesterday's closing prices.
This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 35, putting it in the top 14% of all 250+ industries.
The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups.
